---
layout: forum
title: 'Re: Runaway CPU usage for 64bit BitCoin (Linux Client)'
grand_parent: Forum Posts
parent: Bitcoin Forum
nav_order: 181
date: 2010-07-14 18:45:53 UTC
original: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=299.msg2908#msg2908
---

# Re: Runaway CPU usage for 64bit BitCoin (Linux Client)
---

<div class="language-plaintext highlighter-rouge"><div class="highlight"><pre class="highlight">
<code>Re: Runaway CPU usage for 64bit BitCoin (Linux Client)
July 14, 2010, 06:45:53 PM

After it initially tries incorrectly to set itself to the lowest priority, the generate thread only changes its priority again temporarily when it finds a block.  When you've found a block, you should want it to hurry up and broadcast it as soon a possible before someone else finds one and makes yours invalid.  The generate thread only changes to higher priority for less than a second every few days.

There should be a 0.3.1 release for this soon.  There are a few other issues we need to look at fixing in 0.3.1 before making a release.

<a href="https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=299.msg2409#msg2409">Quote from: knightmb on July 12, 2010, 10:39:13 PM</a>
-------------
On a side note, I've tracked down the other GUI issue.

The "minimize to tray instead of taskbar" is what was eating up all the CPU on my system. After I turned this off, the issue was resolved with Runaway CPU.

This only seems to affect the 64 bit Client, as the 32 bit Clients I have don't seem to be affected by this.

I did notice on the 64 bit Client, what happens is, it spawns multiple "tray" icons until X server finally kills over, so I guess I should submit that as a bug to somewhere?  Huh
-------------

That's interesting.  I know the minimize to tray on Ubuntu is very clunky, but I didn't know it had a CPU peg problem too.  Anyone else able to reproduce this problem?  We had this feature disabled on Linux before, but then it seemed better to have the imperfect UI than to lose the feature entirely.  I'm thinking we should disable it again on Linux.</code></pre></div></div>


